(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
BARTON: I'm not a role model.
I'm not a role model to anyone.
Never have been.
MAN: Agent down.
We've got a perimeter breach.
COULSON: Need eyes up high, with a gun.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Barton? Talk to me.
You want me to slow him down, sir?
Or are you sending in more guys
for him to beat up?
Better call it, Coulson,
'cause I'm starting to root for this guy.
FURY: Where's Agent Barton?
SELVIG: The Hawk?
Up in his nest, as usual.
FURY: I gave you this detail
so you could keep a close eye on things.
Well, I see better from a distance.
You seen anything
that might set this thing off?
-(GRUNTS)
-LOKI: You have heart.
COULSON: He's been compromised.
Loki has him under some kind of spell.
What have you done to Barton?
I'd say I have expanded his mind.
Before I worked for S.H.I.E.L.D.,
Agent Barton was sent to kill me.
YELENA: What bullet does that?
Not bullets. Arrows.
He made a different call.
Why am I back? How'd you get him out?
I hit you really hard in the head.
(CROWD CLAMORING)
I have unfinished business with Loki.
Yeah? Well, get in line.
Just like Budapest all over again.
You and I remember Budapest
very differently.
-YELENA: Tell me what happened.
-We rigged bombs.
-Who's "we"?
-Clint Barton.
Killing Dreykov was the final step
in my defection to S.H.I.E.L.D.
That's what I'd call
imploding a five-story building
and shooting it out
with the Hungarian Special Forces.
We spent two days hiding out here.
That must have been fun.
(SHRIEKS)
-ROMANOFF: Hawkeye!
-Nat, what are you doing?
-Uh... A little help?
-I got him.
Who sent you?
-Ultron.
-ULTRON: In the flesh.
BARTON: Think we lost
the element of surprise.
ULTRON: It's time for some mind games.
I've done the whole
mind control thing. Not a fan.
The whole team is down.
You got no backup here.
What is this place?
Honey?
This is an agent of some kind.
Gentlemen, this is Laura.
-Dad!
-Hi, sweetheart.
Fury helped me set this up when I joined.
Kept it off S.H.I.E.L.D.'s files.
I'd like to keep it that way.
LAURA: You know,
I totally support your avenging.
I couldn't be prouder.
But I see those guys...
Those gods...
You don't think they need me.
I think they do,
which is a lot scarier.
They're a mess.
BARTON: I guess they're my mess.
LAURA: You need to be sure
that this team is really a team
and that they have your back.
Yes, ma'am.
Are you up for this?
Look, I just need to know,
'cause the city is flying.
Okay, look, the city is flying,
we're fighting an army of robots.
And I have a bow and arrow.
None of this makes sense.
-(GRUNTS)
-(GASPS)
But I'm going back out there
'cause this is my job.
Okay? And I can't do my job and babysit.
It doesn't matter what you did
or what you were.
If you go out there,
you fight, and you fight to kill.
Stay in here, you're good.
I'll send your brother to come find you.
But if you step out that door,
you are an Avenger.
Ow!
As much as I hate to admit it,
if we're gonna win this one,
some of us might have to lose it.
(GROANS)
Costel! Baby!
SECRETARY ROSS: The world owes
the Avengers an unpayable debt.
But while a great many people
see you as heroes,
there are some...
who would prefer the word "vigilantes."
But I think we have a solution.
ROGERS: Protection?
Is that how you see this?
This is protection?
I'm doing what has to be done.
To stave off something worse.
I retire for, what, like,
five minutes, and it all goes to shit.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
We're still friends, right?
Depends on how hard you hit me.
STARK: You broke the law.
I didn't make you.
All right? You're all grown up.
You got a wife and kids.
I don't understand,
why didn't you think about them
before you chose the wrong side?
(CROWD SCREAMING)
BANNER: Thanos.
He invades planets.
He takes what he wants.
He wipes out half the population.
Where's Clint?
After the whole Accords situation,
he's on house arrest.
(LAUGHS) Good job, hawk-eye.
Go get your arrow. (CHUCKLES)
LAURA: Hey, guys! Enough practice.
Soup's on.
BARTON: All right.
We're coming. We're hungry.
Lila, let's go.
Lila?
Honey?
Hey, babe?
(GRUNTS)
(MAN SHOUTS IN JAPANESE)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
Babe? Babe?
(SHOUTING)
ROMANOFF: Killing all these people
isn't gonna bring your family back.
We found something.
Don't give me hope.
I'm sorry
I couldn't give it to you sooner.
Six stones, three teams, one shot.
NEBULA: Thanos found
the Soul Stone on Vormir.
BARTON: Wow.
RED SKULL: In order to take the stone,
you must lose that which you love.
You know what I've done.
You know what I've become.
(GRUNTING)
Tell my family I love 'em.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
ROMANOFF: Tell 'em yourself.
No!
Can't be undone.
It was supposed to be me.
She's not coming back.
We have to make it worth it.
We will.
(INAUDIBLE)
(CELL PHONE VIBRATING)
-LAURA: Clint?
-Honey.
I think it worked.
You know, I wish there was a way
that I could let her know.
That we won.
We did it.
WANDA: She knows.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
VALENTINA: Maybe you'd like a shot...
...at the man responsible
for your sister's death.